Check bike availability(blue)

    Mathias:
    GPS on bikes
    Tracker at the station
    #These could be used on a website
    Booking system where you give information about where you start and where you end, making it possible to guess where bikes are.
    Deadreckoning
    Deposit

    Søren:
    App/Homepage for checking it.
    Registration at the station
    Use chip on the bike used to register it.
    Plan for registration.

    Lars:
    Sensor at station to determine how many bikes are there

    Lasse:
    Camera to check visually
    Booking system
    GPS on bikes
    Tracker at station

    Dennis:
    Check-in/Check-out
    See bikes within x meters of station

    Erik:
    Central system, using GPS to track.
    People who use it report on their own(Good guy citizen). Report missing bikes.
    WiFi poles, track when the bikes come across these.

Analysis of usage patterns:
    Datawarehouse
    
Hardware vs software:
    Lasse:
    Hardware: Locking tracker(For example you unlock the lock and the system no longer counts the bike as being there)
    Software: Webpage.
    
    Dennis:
    Hardware to determine location, software to show location
    
    Erik:
    Hardware: Tracking device on bike(Hidden, no need for user to interact with it). Display at station. Software: QR code, some kind of interface for display. Admin interface that shows hotspots, to help figure out how to distribute the bikes.
    
    Mathias:
    Hardware: GPS/WiFi on bikes for tracking. Some kind of HW to check if bikes are at the station. Software: Check where bikes are currently in the city. Software to book. Software to check status of stations, bikes.
    
    Søren:
    Hardware: GPS too expensive, RFID chip to check if bikes are in station(Lock is a good idea too). Software: Primarily used for analysis, status of stations/bikes and to be used for booking - Webpage, not necessarily a webpage for county.
    
    Lars:
    Hardware: Sensor to check at the stations. Display at the station to show when the next bike will be available, for booking. Software: Booking, checking, statistics and analysis.
    
    Booking is necessary for unlocking bikes, QR code used to show up.
    Deposit, fine.