Kilde: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_of_Things

The Internet of Things (IoT) refers to the interconnection of uniquely identifiable embedded computing-like devices within the existing Internet infrastructure.

Current market examples include smart thermostat systems and washer/dryers that utilize wifi for remote monitoring.

Due to the ubiquitous nature of connected objects in the IoT, an unprecedented number of devices are expected to be connected to the Internet.

It is, as such, clear that the IoT will consist of a very large number of devices being connected to the Internet.

Objects in the IoT will not only be devices with sensory capabilities, but also provide actuation capabilities (e.g., bulbs or locks controlled over the Internet).

The system will likely be an example of event-driven architecture,[59] bottom-up made (based on the context of processes and operations, in real-time) and will consider any subsidiary level.

Besides using RFID, the tagging of things may be achieved through such technologies as near field communication, barcodes, QR codes and digital watermarking.

The IoT can assist in integration of communications, control, and information processing across various transportation systems. Application of the IoT extends to all aspects of transportation systems, i.e. the vehicle, the infrastructure, and the driver or user. Dynamic interaction between these components of a transport system enables inter and intra vehicular communication, smart traffic control, smart parking, electronic toll collection systems, logistic and fleet management, vehicle control, and safety and road assistance.

Kilde: http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-opsawg-coman-use-cases-01

   In such scenarios, it is important for the NMS to be aware of the
   restrictions imposed by these access technologies to efficiently
   manage these constrained devices.  Specifically, such low-power low
   data-rate access technologies typically have small frame sizes.  So
   it would be important for the NMS and management protocol of choice
   to craft packets in a way that avoids fragmentation and reassembly of
   packets since this can use valuable memory on constrained devices.

   Devices using such access technologies might operate via a gateway
   that translates between these access technologies and more
   traditional Internet protocols.  A hierarchical approach to device
   management in such a situation might be useful, wherein the gateway
   device is in-charge of devices connected to it, while the NMS
   conducts management operations only to the gateway.
   
   
   
   
   Infrastructure monitoring is concerned with the monitoring of
   infrastructures such as bridges, railway tracks, or (offshore)
   windmills.  The primary goal is usually to detect any events or
   changes of the structural conditions that can impact the risk and
   safety of the infrastructure being monitored.  Another secondary goal
   is to schedule repair and maintenance activities in a cost effective
   manner.

   The infrastructure to monitor might be in a factory or spread over a
   wider area but difficult to access.  As such, the network in use
   might be based on a combination of fixed and wireless technologies,
   which use robust networking equipment and support reliable
   communication.  It is likely that constrained devices in such a
   network are mainly C2 devices and have to be controlled centrally by
   an application running on a server.  In case such a distributed
   network is widely spread, the wireless devices might use diverse
   long-distance wireless technologies such as WiMAX, or 3G/LTE, e.g.


   
   Transport Application is a generic term for the integrated
   application of communications, control, and information processing in
   a transportation system.  Transport telematics or vehicle telematics
   are used as a term for the group of technologies that support
   transportation systems.  Transport applications running on such a 
   transportation system cover all modes of the transport and consider
   all elements of the transportation system, i.e. the vehicle, the
   infrastructure, and the driver or user, interacting together
   dynamically.  The overall aim is to improve decision making, often in
   real time, by transport network controllers and other users, thereby
   improving the operation of the entire transport system.  As such,
   transport applications can be seen as one of the important M2M
   service scenarios with the involvement of manifold small devices.

   The definition encompasses a broad array of techniques and approaches
   that may be achieved through stand-alone technological applications
   or as enhancements to other transportation communication schemes.
   Examples for transport applications are inter and intra vehicular
   communication, smart traffic control, smart parking, electronic toll
   collection systems, logistic and fleet management, vehicle control,
   and safety and road assistance.
   
   
   Networks involving mobile nodes, especially transport vehicles, are
   emerging.  Such networks are used to provide inter-vehicle
   communication services, or even tracking of mobile assets, to develop
   intelligent transportation systems and drivers and passengers
   assistance services.  Constrained devices are deployed within a
   larger single entity, the vehicle, and must be individually managed.

   Vehicles can be either private, belonging to individuals or private
   companies, or public transportation.  Scenarios consisting of
   vehicle-to-vehicle ad-hoc networks, a wired backbone with wireless
   last hops, and hybrid vehicle-to-road communications are expected to
   be common.
   
   Besides the access control and security, depending on the type of
   vehicle and service being provided, it would be important for a NMS
   to be able to function with different architectures, since different
   manufacturers might have their own proprietary systems.

   Unlike some mobile networks, most vehicular networks are expected to
   have specific patterns in the mobility of the nodes.  Such patterns
   could possibly be exploited, managed and monitored by the NMS.

   The challenges in the management of vehicles in a mobile application
   are manifold.  Firstly, the issues caused through the device mobility
   need to be taken into consideration.  The up-to-date position of each
   node in the network should be reported to the corresponding
   management entities, since the nodes could be moving within or
   roaming between different networks.  Secondly, a variety of
   troubleshooting information, including sensitive location
   information, needs to be reported to the management system in order
   to provide accurate service to the customer.

   The NMS must also be able to handle partitioned networks, which would
   arise due to the dynamic nature of traffic resulting in large inter-
   vehicle gaps in sparsely populated scenarios.  Constant changes in
   topology must also be contended with.

   Auto-configuration of nodes in a vehicular network remains a
   challenge since based on location, and access network, the vehicle
   might have different configurations that must be obtained from its
   management system.  Operating configuration updates, while in remote
   networks also needs to be considered in the design of a network
   management system."
   
   
Kilde: http://site.ebrary.com/lib/aalborguniv/docDetail.action?docID=10784816

A number of API interactions deal precisely with those features of the physical device:
    Start a new timer
    Change the duration of an existing timer
    Mark a timer completed
    Cancel a timer
    
Security is a really important concern so you need to beat it in mind while designing the API. But the application should also authenticate  that request. A password is good enough authentication for osmething that isn't hypersensitive